#16 Dialects

##What does 16 Dialects mean?

One of my biggest personal goals for this year is based around the *Meyers-Brigg* (MB) personality assessment. If you aren't familiar with
the MB its one of the most well known personality assesments on the planet (maybe even **the** most well known).

If you want to learn what you are you can take a [free test](http://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test).

I really like the MB because its all about communication between different people.

##I made it my goal to be able to speed read people\'s personality types with 95% accuracy (line up 20 people and I can miss 1).

The reason I'm doing it is because I believe that most people approach communication with the **Golden Rule**.

*Do unto others as you would have them do unto you*.

Well this works well when you are communicating with people just like yourself. . . but if you ever want to connect with individuals that are
a little bit different than yourself then perhaps we need an updated rule:

##The \"Platinum Rule\"

**Do unto others as they would have done unto them**

In order to do this though you need to learn two different skill sets:

1. How to identify an individuals Meyers-Brigg.
2. How to talk to that particular individual in his/her own language.

##I\'m starting with the first one and will move to the second one as the first one reaches a passable level.

Each personality type is a universal human dialect. Remember body language and tone count for 90% of all communication anyways.

So focus on learning the 16 dialects and you will vastly improve your communication skills.

##If you would on this you will **100%** get most of the following

* Greater influence
* Better relationships
* Less arguments
* Promotions at work
* Probably a new car (ok maybe not a new car)
